.\" ========================
.\" =====    ===============
.\" ======  ================
.\" ======  ================
.\" ======  ====   ====   ==
.\" ======  ===     ==  =  =
.\" ======  ===  =  ==     =
.\" =  ===  ===  =  ==  ====
.\" =  ===  ===  =  ==  =  =
.\" ==     =====   ====   ==
.\" ========================
.\"
.\" SPDX-License-Identifier: BSD-3-Clause
.\"
.\" Copyright (c) 2020 Joe
.\" All rights reserved.
.\"
.\" Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
.\" modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:
.\" 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
.\"    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
.\" 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
.\"    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
.\"    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
.\" 3. Neither the name of the organization nor the
.\"    names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products
.\"    derived from this software without specific prior written permission.
.\"
.\" THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY JOE ''AS IS'' AND ANY
.\" EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
.\" WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
.\" DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL JOE BE LIABLE FOR ANY
.\" DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
.\" (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
.\" LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND
.\" ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
.\" (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF
.\" THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
.\"
.\" bsdsetsid: man/bsdsetsid.1
.\" Sun Nov 29 18:09:44 CET 2020
.\" Joe
.\"
.\" Manpage for bsdsetsid.
.\" Contact rbousset@42lyon.fr to correct errors and typos.
.de Text
.nop \)\\$*
..
.de squoted_text
.Text \\$3\(oq\fB\\$1\f[]\(cq\\$2
..
.de dquoted_text
.Text \\$3\(lq\fB\\$1\f[]\(rq\\$2
..
.de file_example
.PP
.RS
\`\\$1\' \-\> \`\\$2\'
.RE
.PP
..
.
.
.TH bsdsetsid 1 "29 November 2020" "bsdsetsid 1.0"
.
.
.SH NAME
.B bsdsetsid
.
.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.SY bsdsetsid
.RB [ \-hw ]
.I utility
.RI [ arguments ]
.YS
.
.
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
The
.B bsdsetsid
utility invokes
.I utility
whith its
.I arguments
detached from its running shell. Unlike the util-linux
.BR setsid ,
.B bsdsetsid
always calls
.IR fork (2)
to run the new process.
.
.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-h
Output a brief help message.
.TP
.B \-w
Wait  for  the execution of the program to end, and return the exit status of
this program as the exit status of
.BR bsdsetsid .
.
.
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.TP
PATH
Used to locate the requested
.I utility
if the name contains no \(oq/\(cq characters.
.
.
.SH AUTHORS
Joe <rbousset@42lyon.fr>
.
.
.SH SEE ALSO
.IR sh (1),
.IR setsid (2),
.IR fork (2),
.IR wait4 (2),
.IR execve (2)
